boon: What's going on? Where am I? Who are you?
oliver: Ah, it's good to see you finally awake, sir! I knew you'd come around eventually. 
oliver: You living lot never take this too well, so I suppose I'll rip the bandage off: You've, well, um, sir, there's no other way to put it, you've died. The place we're in is called Limbo. It's the interdimensional space between the physical realm that you're from, and the spiritual realm where your soul resides!
oliver: (...I hope I'm reading this script right...)
boon: I...what are you talking about? The last thing I remember is those idiots pushing me down and kicking me.
boon: Who are you anyway, kid? And why are you all dressed up like that? Do you even go here?
oliver: In a manner of speaking, sir, yes! I was part of the class of 1923, back when this school was the J.A. Ainsley Preparatory and Finishing School. My name's Oliver, and it's a pleasure to meet you! 
boon: 1923? I don't know what kind of joke you're trying to pull on me, but it's not funny.
boon: Augh, why do I feel so weird? I can't feel my hands...look, kid, I need to go catch the bus. If Sammy has to leave work to pick me up from school, it's not gonna be good.
oliver: I apologize for the bluntness, sir, but a J.A. Ainsley Preparatory and Finishing School lad says what he means and means what he says! You've died, and it's my job to bring you up to speed on the whole state of affairs. Oh dear, I wish they had put something in this script for if they don't believe you...
boon: Why do you keep saying that we're dead? If this is a joke, it's not very funny. Why can't I stand up? What did you do to me??
oliver: With all due respect, sir, I've already told you! We're both deceased. Complex mechanics of the living, such as standing, are, well, they're a bit different when you've become incorporeal. But don't worry, everyone has trouble standing at first.
oliver: I must say, sir...there is something strange about your being here. 
boon: Where is "here"?
oliver: As I said, before, sir, Limbo! This is a holding ground for spirits who cannot fully pass on to the spiritual realm. But you -- it would appear that you are still alive in some capacity. 
unknown: If I may say so, you deeply unsettle me, sir!
boon: You...you're not kidding? I'm...dead...?
oliver: Well, it's a bit more complicated than that, sir! 
boon: More complicated? What do you mean? And will you stop calling me "sir"? I just turned ten years old!
oliver: Sorry, sir, force of habit! Well, you're not exactly dead. More like looking at death through a window, for what it's worth.
oliver: When souls end up here, it usually means the person had some unresolved tension in their life when they died. We're in the mirrored version of your school now. Souls that end up here usually had hang ups specifically related to school, or their childhood. As for why you're here, well, that's an easy one, sir! You died in this very closet back in the Physical Realm!
boon: You mean that those idiots KILLED me?
unknown: It would appear so, sir. Well, almost. Like I said before, you're not dead and yet not alive. I'm not sure what to make of you.
boon: And, uhm, who are you exactly?
oliver: Finally, you'll listen to me! As I said, my name is Oliver. I'm the lad who makes sure all the new souls get right acquainted with their new situation. I work for the Librarian. I've seen every soul that's come through here for the last ninety-eight years! But something is wrong with your soul. Something that I've never seen before, sir! Things have been strange around here, lately.
oliver: Well, I can't say what's caused it, sir, but your soul still has a physical component to it. Normally, even souls that can't pass to the Spiritual Realm are totally stripped of their physical component. But it seems like that's not the case for you...
oliver: We'd better bring you to the Librarian to see what he has to say.
oliver: Oh, he's great! He's much kinder than the headmaster of the school when I was alive. He knows all sorts of stuff about Limbo and the Spiritual Realm. He pretty much runs this place. 
oliver: Well, I can't say what's caused it, sir, but your soul still has a physical component to it. Normally, even souls that can't pass to the Spiritual Realm are totally stripped of their physical component. But it seems like that's not the case for you...
oliver: We'd better bring you to the Librarian to see what he has to say.
oliver: Well, erm, the Librarian told me, but he told me not to talk about it to anyone. And an Ainsley man keeps his word! I'm sure he'll tell you when we go talk to him...
